Hey
Oh grok here why would guitars is the
location and we are here at the premier
builders guild
lair it's really more of a lair than a
booth without the roof if you will and
I'm here with Chad to rock amplifiers
multiple stone if you will and you have
been designing and stuff for this
glorious company for about ten years
tell us about the new treats new treats
well the sensor was something we needed
to add to the lineup more aggressively
Channel but still maintain that to rock
clean thing you know cuz you can't get
away from that that's what makes to rock
to rock so we did that and the biggest
thing I was finding with guys they
wanted effects they didn't want reverb
they wanted to add pedals into their
systems or use rack now gear so it's got
a fully buffer tube loop in the back
send and return either series or
parallel it kind of sets it apart for
everything else in the true Rock lineup
in kind of a new thing for us it's got a
tone stack internally that gives you
more aggressive almost say British style
overdrive but the ability to still
maintain that to rock thing it's very
cool we plug into this beast and here it
sounds let us do it which guitar should
we grab the best manifest the powers of
the night
mr. Baker that's a song called mr. Baker
excellent excellent that is some
savagery hey but it's not over it's not
over there's more puts more gained from
the Li clean channel into the lead cuts
out the internal tone stack and really
makes it British stand clear
yeah rock compels us 22 watts of
unmitigated glory the sensor the probe
if you will at the sensor of the night
indeed so
- bitch other 6l sixes 22 watt 35 watt
50 and 100 watt versions nope the only
adjustable feature we've added into the
lineup was the B of the bionic Sam so
that one L 34 and 6 all sixes but who
knows I might be tempted to make this
one yellow three fours if someone asks
the right question alright so the sensor
is new and then we have this bionics
device on the hand of the Mike could you
tell us about this dog the bionics was
something our customers wanted the most
of you know our clean Channel and our
lead channel separate eek use more
versatility get those great - rock
cleans and still do that over-the-top
lead channel but you don't have to
sacrifice your clean tones to get where
you need to with your lead channel you
know and all our other models you've got
one shown stack and everything Cascades
this one you dial it how you like it how
you want it you can take everything over
the top if you need to it's got optional
solo boosts which are just volume
controls after the Masters so anything
past that you're just gonna give it a
little bit more exactly comes stock with
the el34s
with an optional 6l6 switch if you so
choose